New error mitigation section (#4187)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/tools-manage-noise.mdx

## Probabilistic error amplification
[Probabilistic error amplification (PEA)](/docs/guides/error-mitigation-and-suppression-techniques#probabilistic-error-amplification-pea) is a  sophisticated ZNE technique that consists of three stages: learning, noise amplification, and extrapolation. To enable PEA, enable ZNE by setting  `zne_mitigation` to `True` and set `zne.amplifier` to `pea` in the Qiskit Runtime [resilience options](/docs/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/options-resilience-options-v2) for Estimator.

## Probabilistic error cancellation
[Probabilistic error cancellation (PEC)](/docs/guides/error-mitigation-and-suppression-techniques#probabilistic-error-cancellation-pec) is a technique for mitigating errors in estimating expectation values of observables. Unlike ZNE, it returns an unbiased estimate of the expectation value. However, it generally incurs a greater overhead. To eanble PEC, set `pec_mitigation` to `True` in the Qiskit Runtime [resilience options](/docs/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/options-resilience-options-v2) for Estimator.

## Shaded lightcones

> The [Shaded lightcones (SLC)](https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-slc/) addon can be used to reduce the sampling overhead of PEC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Shaded lightcones (SLC)](https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-slc/) uses Pauli propagation to reduce the number of error terms accounted for in a noise model according to the specifics of the target observable. This new Qiskit addon is most useful for reducing the sampling overhead for running PEC-based workloads.
```
